Do you know who I am?
How could the organizers put me in second place?
Sorry, Miss Joe
This is what the organizers mean.
No way. You must be mistaken.
Where are you on staff?
It's all wrong on such a big occasion
You don't want to do it anymore, do you?
Know he is a staff member
Only follow the arrangement
Sorry ugly girl
I was too impulsive.
As long as I can sit with you
The second row doesn't matter
I don't mind the size of the coffee.
I'm so sorry.
Mr. Lu's position is in the first row
Are you targeting me?
The idiom is in the first row
I'm in the second row.
Why did we come together?
Down here is a public place
Pay attention to your attitude
I'm sorry, Cheng Yu
I just want to sit with you so much
We received the same invitation card.
Why aren't the seats arranged together?
Sorry Mr. Lu
That's how the organizers arranged it.
The first row is filled with industry tycoons
It could have been given to Jiang
Miss, arrange a seat.
But because there is a big guest coming
So I can only let Miss Jiang go to the second row
What a blockbuster guest
The coffee is bigger than me